Week1
This week I plan to get a brief understanding of what will be assessed and what need to be done in which week. 
It is also scheduled to form a group and choose the project in week1's lab. I read through the outlines 
and assessment guidlines and chose project2 movie finder with group members. I also brainstormed 
some functionalities with group members and put them into Jira. I emailed tutor Iwan to get some 
suggestions on our existing functionalities and created Github classroom for the group. 
Attended all meetings.

For next week, I plan to finallize the functionalities and finish the user stories, and split the 
work to start writing project proposal. 

Week2
This week I plan to write user stories and continue brainstorming the novel functionalities. I finished
the all the draft user stories and acs, which were used as the base user stories and acs. For the novel
functionalities, I researched the Auto Language Bot Filter, the research information was put in 
Meeting Minutes3 in Jira. I also editted and adjusted the user stories with other team members.
Attended all meetings.

For next week, I plan to start writing the storyboard and finalize the backlog in Jira.

Week3
This week I plan to finish the proposal with the group. For the storyboard, I finished the user's
profile page, other user's profile page, edit profile page, movie information page. For the proposal,
I completed the adjustment of all the user stories and acs with the group, and completed the backlog. 
The three sprints were created, and the screenshots were put in proposal. I also added the product 
objectives for all the user stories, which were checked by other group members. Besides my own work, 
I helped edit the proposal format, polishing background, references and system achitecture with other members. 
I also wrote meeting minutes with Zhiqing Cen. Attended all meetings.

For next week, I plan to work on the sprint1 code.

Week4
This week I plan to finish the sprint1 code and get ready for the demo A in next week. For The
backend, I finished search keyword functionalities, wrote test files and tested the backend with
the frontend by the due date set in meeting minutes. For other work, I wrote meeting minutes for
the group, help test and debug login/register, help set up database for other group members. 
Wrote meeting agenda and meeting minutes and meeting minutes. Attended all meetings.

For next week, I plan to get prepared for the sprint1 demo A, and set up and split sprint2 work
with the group.

Week5
This week I plan to test again and prepare for demo A, and move on to sprint2. For the demo, I
took the search explanation and presentation part. After the demo, we split the sprint2 work
and I was responsible for the reverse search result functionalities and for the profile frontend.
We also held the retrorespective meeting and we completed the report together. Wrote meeting 
agenda and meeting minutes and meeting minutes. Attended all meetings.

For the next week, I plan to work on the sprint2 code.

Week6
This week I plan to pick the sprint2 task and finish the code. For the sprint2, I finished the 
search sortby order functionalities and wrote retrorespective report A with the group. Wrote 
meeting agenda. Attended all meetings.

For the next week, I plan to help or test other functionalities and combine the codes into one 
branch.

Week7
This week I plan to finish the sprint2 code and start preparing for the demo. For the code, I
finished the frontend. For testing the website I helped combine the wishlist & token together 
and tested the frontend. For the demo B, I helped combine the code together with the group and 
prepared for the presentation. Wrote meeting agenda and meeting minutes. 
Attended all meetings.

For the next week, I plan to finish the retrorespective report B and start writing sprint3.

Week8
This week I plan to start writing sprint3 and the retrorespective report B. For the retrorespective
report B, I finished it with the group. For the sprint3, I designed the review & rating database and 
set it up in pgadmin, and finished the basic functionalities for the novel functionalities use.
Wrote meeting agenda and meeting minutes. Attended all meetings.

For the next week, I plan to test the functionalities with the frontend and combine codes for next
demo.

Week9
This week I plan to finish the sprint3 code testing and prepare for the final presentation. For the
sprint3 code, I fixed few bugs in review & rating after testing with the frontend, and merged the 
final version of code together with the group. For the presentation, I wrote search and review and 
rating presentation script. We also split the work for the final report. Wrote meeting agenda and meeting minutes and meeting minutes.
Attended all meetings.

For the next week, I plan to finish the final report.

Week10
This week I plan to get prepared for the presentation and finish the final report. For the
presentation, I completed the search and review & rating part with the group, and set up the website
for the desmonstration. For the final report, I am going to write content about the backend 
functionalities I have done in this term. Attended all meetings.
