Week 1 :
This week I plan to get an overlook of the projects and understanding the ability of the group which has been created 
during the first tutorial of the course. I have looked through the assessment guidelines and the specifications of the
group proposal. I also agreed on doing the movie finder project with my group. I wrote the basic functionalities of the 
website with my group. I also joined the github classroom for the group. 

In the following week, I plan to finish off the functionalities and finish the user stories, split the work amongst 
the group and begin drafting the proposal.

Week 2 :
This week I plan to write the user stories for the basic functionalities. I also plan to start constructing the novel
functionalities, I asked the tutor Iwan on the limitations of the novel functionalities and crossed out the ones he 
said that can't be novel functionalities. I also plan to finish off writing all the user stories with the group.

In the following week, I plan to publish the proposal with the group and complete the general user flow diagram for 
the functionalities. 

Week 3 :
This week I plan to publish the proposal with the group. For flow diagram, I've completed writing out all the functions
blocks and the due date for each of the functions. I also plan to finalize the user stories with the groups. For the 
proposal, I have polished the background paragraph, polished the user story with the other group members.

In the following week, I plan to finish the code that I was assigned to for the project which is the email function.

Week 4 :
This week I finish the email functions and satisfy all the conditions written in sprint 1, worked with Aditya Phadke 
to polish the function, as well as understanding the databse of the users. Created testing for the email functions as
well as the cohesion between the email function and the user functions (login, register, etc.).

In the following week, I plan to draft out the Retrospective A with the rest of my group.

Week 5 :
This week I plan to start on sprint 2 and finish off Retrospective A with the rest of my group. For group demo A, I presented
the basic email function for sending the verification code. I joined the meeting with the group and completed the retrospective 
report with them with everyone being present.

For flexibility week I plan to work on sprint 2 code.

Week 6 :
This week Worked on Forget password functions for sprint 2.

Next week I plan to finish off the email and forget password function.

Week 7 ：
This week I finished my functions for sprint 2 and prepared demo B presentation with my team as well as writing a script for  
demo B.

Next week I plan to start working on the final sprint and complete the demo as well as writing report for retrospective B. 

Week 8 :
This week I presented Sprint 2 with my team, I demonstrated the email and forget password function to the tutor. Our demo went 
slightly over time due to the speed of the virtual machine is slower than presenting through windows. We've decided to use windows
for our final demo, I've also started to work on my functions for the final sprint which is a novel functionality that requires 
machine learning. I've also completed retrospective B with my team after the demo. 

I'm planning to start the final report and complete my function in the following week.
Week 9 :
This week I completed my spam novel function for the final sprint, written scripts for the demo in week 10. Preparing to demonstrate
through virtual machine. Started to write about my part of the function for the final report which is the email, forget password as 
well as the spam novel function.

Next week I plan to do the final demo with my team and complete the final report with my team mates and give in my peer review.

Week 10 :
This week I've completed the demo with my team just slightly under the timer. Completed the final report and peer review, said farewell
to my team.
